going on guys amer the hammer here I
just mind my friend I didn't even know
its name yeah what's your name Alexander
Alexander it's good looking great and
you want to ask me a question so what's
the question good you got a man who do
you fly is better for apps like reverse
crunches and rested up support
she wants to know what's the best ab
exercise reverse crunches reverse situps
it depends on your goal what's your goal
men if you want to have thousand percent
body fat so I want to
most of it i feel is like here so i want
to really define it so he wants to look
as sharp as possible so the last little
bit man comes from your diet right so
just decrease maybe the carbs later at
night try not to have too much carbs
late at night maybe cut the glue and out
the derry-o that's going to help you a
lot he's already in amazing shape so to
get in that much better shape it's a lot
harder you got to be a lot more strict
on your diet and on your training right
because he already looks amazing so you
just got to get a lip a bit more strict
guys maybe cut your calories a bit taper
your calories as far as AB training
exercise a combination sony raises i'll
show you how to do new race coming up to
it as you're catching it's live i just
met my boy Alex oh all right knee raises
I'll show you how to get them faces
yeah so we can gain right the only work
in your hip flexors right because you're
not pretty is fully
higher good right there you're engaging
your core right if you only come
way you did it before you only come
right there grab some legal work in them
right you're after you you can hold this
for all day right so come a bit higher
now you feel your core right the main
thing now on the way down bring a slower
slower so to do a four second count on
the way down come right back up one two
three one two three four on the way down
breathe out good do it again nice and
tight Goodman Zeb's are rock hard right
now when he's doing that so don't come
halfway when you're doing Annie race
guys I think knee rates are probably the
best exercise you can do to develop your
abs get a nice and cut on any exercise
you do for your abs you want to get a
nice contraction guy so it's not just
moving your hips I can do this all day
as soon as every my hips right around
right over that's when I'm hitting my
outs one other exercises
what reference country show me how you
usually
okay so the first thing you're trying to
do switch your hands turn them over
break to the other hand space down what
you're doing is you're pushing off the
ground we don't want to push off the
ground right now do it okay what i can
tell you dude keep your knees straight
right
just push up with your hips just push
straight up right off the ground good
good that's all your hats right go back
good and then what was the other one
well ya see but here you're not really
doing anything but working your hip
flexors right so you're not getting as
much to really push up good good good
feel that a lot more good come here
do the same thing on this one so we're
going to be on a decline right there
turn over no yeah
yes sir you're on your back on your back
yeah
hold on to the call it is the exact same
thing what do I do put your feet
straight so you're going to be in like
an L position good knees up knees afraid
they're happy
good push-up right here good push-up
good push-up so you don't need a lot of
people what they're going to try to do
let me handle your legs you're gonna try
to go like this this is doing nothing
move your feet here this all your hips
push up from here
push straight up good push straight up
good we're straight up good you see how
much harder those all right baby so
that's it's a little details in your app
tray right but like I said alex is
looking amazing good guy man who trains
very hard i see him at the gym so glad
you in the video buddy sure you guys go
check out my boy hammer the hammer com